Let′s keep it between us
Folks meddlin' in our affairs, they′re not our friends
Let's keep it between us
'Fore the whole thing breaks down and comes to an end
They′ll tell you one thing, tell me another
′Til we don't know who to trust
Oh, darlin′, let's keep it between us

Let′s keep it between us
We've been through too much together that they never shared
They′ve had nothing to say to us before
Now all of a sudden it's as if they've always cared
All we need is honesty
Just a little humility and trust
Oh, darlin′, can we keep it between us?

Let′s keep it between us
'Fore it all breaks down and goes too far
If we can′t settle it by ourselves
We must be worse off than we think we are

Backseat drivers don't know the feel of the wheel
But they sure know how to make a fuss
Oh, darlin′, can we keep it between us?

I know we're not perfect
Then again, so what?
That ain′t no reason to treat me like a slave
Treat you like a slut
And it's just makin' me angry

Can we lay back for a moment
′Fore we wake up and find ourselves in a game we both have lost?
Well these instant cures and easy answers
Something tells me we can′t afford the cost
There's some things not fit for human ears
Some things don′t need to be discussed
Oh, darlin', can we keep it between us?

Can we keep it between us?
Too much happiness just makes the hair rise on the head
They′ll talk about us both behind our backs
So loud I can hear every word they say

Well, in this kind of company we've dwelled
Let′s just move to the back of the bus
Oh, darlin', can we keep it between us?

Well, I know we're not perfect
Then again, so what?
That ain′t no reason to treat me like a slave
And treat you like a slut
And it′s just makin' me angry

Can we lay back for a while
′Fore the whole thing breaks down and goes too far?
If we can't settle it by ourselves
Honey, we must be worse off than they think we are
In this kind of company we′re 'bout to fall
Let′s just move to the back of the back of the bus
Oh, darlin', can we keep it between us?